### Environment Setup
`pip install -r requirements.txt`

---

### Run the Program
1. Without any option, run the whole program.

    `python/python3 main.py`

2. Use `uni_raw` option to run only 8 uni-variate models on raw data.

    `python/python3 main.py uni_raw`

3. Use `multi_raw` option to run the multivariate model on raw data.

    `python/python3 main.py multi_raw`

4. Use `uni_std` option to run only 8 uni-variate models on pre-processed data.

    `python/python3 main.py uni_std`

5. Use `multi_std` option to run the multivariate model on pre-processed data.

    `python/python3 main.py multi_std`

---

### Input
Both raw data and pre-processed data are stored in the "data" folder. The pre-processed data is processed using function in the `utilities.py` file. The function is not called in the main program, otherwise each time we run the algorithm, it will process the raw data once. The main algorithm will read data from these 2 `.xls` files directly.

---

### Output
1. Data distribution histogram figures are generated by function in the `utilities.py` file. Similar to the data processing function, it is not called in the main algorithm to avoid overhead cost.
2. To control the plot showing process of mse loss, use the optional parameter `show_plt` in the `train` function.
3. The scatter plot of original data and line plot for the model will automatically show by default. Then they are saved to the "figures/raw" or "figures/std" folder according to their data processed state.
4. Learning rate tuning process will be printed out through the console including each tested learning rate and its mse loss changes.
5. Variance explained on both training set and testing set will be printed out after given the best learning rate from the previous learning rate tuning process.
6. At the end of the program, 4 lists of dictionary are printed out to show the 18 final models.

```
models = [{
            "feature": feature_name or "all raw features" or "all std features",
            "learning rate": learning_rate,
            "m": m or [m]*8,
            "b": b,
            "rs_train": rs_train,
            "rs_test": rs_test
        }]
```

7. These 4 lists are also writen into a text file `results.txt`.
8. All of the above saving processes including figures and text file will first erase any existing figures and text content, which means the previous result will be overwritten. Once you start the program, you will lose all the previous results.

---

### RuntimeWarning
Ignore all the runtime warnings, they won't influence the program result.

